{
    "input": "
    ANNEX I
    In Annex II to Regulation (EU) No 833/2014, the following is added:
    ‘List of software referred to in Article 3(1a)
    “Software” used in oil and gas exploration, namely:
    — “Software” for reservoir exploration and calculation
    — “Software” for calculation, processing and analysis of seismic data
    — “Software” for geological visual inspections as well as for respective characterisation/modelling/visualisation/calculation
    — Drilling “software”, planning “software” for drilling processes, “software” for trajectory of drilling processes
    — “Software” for inertial navigation systems for drilling
    — Real-time well monitoring “software”
    — Observation and safeguarding “software” in oil and gas production’. ANNEX II
    Annex IV to Regulation (EU) No 833/2014 is replaced by the following: ‘ANNEX IV
    This Annex lists natural or legal persons, entities or bodies which are military end-users, form part of Russia’s military and industrial complex or which have commercial or other links with or which otherwise
    support Russia’s defence and security sector. These natural or legal persons, entities or bodies contribute to Russia’s military and technological enhancement or to the development of Russia’s defence and security sector.
    They include natural or legal persons, entities or bodies in third countries other than Russia. Their inclusion in this Annex does not entail any attribution of responsibility for their actions to the jurisdiction in which
    they are operating.
    List of natural or legal persons, entities or bodies, referred to in Articles 2(7), 2a(7) and 2b(1)
    Table 0
    ANNEX X
    Annex XLII to Regulation (EU) No 833/2014 is replaced by the following:
    ‘ANNEX XLII
    List of vessels referred to in Article 3s
    Table 1
    ANNEX XI
    The Annex XLIV to Regulation (EU) No 833/2014 is replaced by the following:
    ‘ANNEX XLIV
    List of legal persons, entities and bodies referred into Article 5ac
    1. Bank BelVEB
    2. Belgazprombank
    3. VTB Bank (PJSC) Shanghai Branch’. ANNEX XII
    Annex XLV to Regulation (EU) No 833/2014 is replaced by the following:
    ‘ANNEX XLV
    List of legal persons, entities and bodies, which are credit and financial institutions, referred to in Article 5ad
    Part A
    Part B
    Part C’. ANNEX XIII
    The following Annex is added to Regulation (EU) No 833/2014
    ‘ANNEX XLVI
    List of legal persons, entities and bodies referred to in Article 3d(1b)
    […]’. ANNEX XIV
    The following Annex is added to Regulation (EU) No 833/2014:
    ‘ANNEX XLVII
    List of ports and lock and airports as referred to in Article 5ae
    Part A – List of ports and locks
    Table 2
    Part B – List of airports
    Table 3
    ANNEX XV
    The following Annex is added to Regulation (EU) No 833/2014:
    ‘ANNEX XLVIII
    List of goods as referred to in Article 12gb
    CN code Description
    8502 20 Generating sets with spark-ignition internal combustion piston engines
    8536 50 Other switches’."
}